<h1>Privacy Policy of Kanji Native</h1>
<br>We are very delighted that you have shown interest in Kanji Native. Yuko Fukuda built the Kanji Native app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE (i.e. application) is provided by Yuko Fukuda at no cost and is intended for use "as is".<br><br>This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.<br><br><br><h3>Definitions of terms</h3>The data protection declaration of this application is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:<br><br><br><h4>a) Personal data</h4>Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.<br><br><br><h4>b) Log Data</h4>We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.<br><br><br><h4>c) Cookies</h4>Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.<br><br><br><h4>d) Data subject</h4>Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.<br><br><br><h4>e) Processing</h4>Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.<br><br><br><h4>f) Restriction of processing</h4>Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.<br><br><br><h4>g) Profiling</h4>Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements.<br><br><br><h4>h) Pseudonymisation</h4>Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.<br><br><br><h4>i) Controller responsible for the processing</h4>The controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.<br><br><br><h4>j) Processor</h4>Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.<br><br><br><h4>k) Recipient</h4>Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.<br><br><br><h4>l) Third party</h4>Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.<br><br><br><h4>m) Consent</h4>Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.<br><br><br><h3>Service Providers</h3>We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:<br> - To facilitate our Service;<br> - To provide the Service on our behalf;<br> - To perform Service-related services; or<br> - To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.<br><br>We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.<br><br><br><h3>Use and collection of personal information</h3>For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Personal data such as: Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, AdID for example); Usage Data; inferences about the user’s interests based on sites or apps which have been visited; previous search queries, activity, visits to sites or apps, demographic information or location; content on the current site or app or current query terms; IP address for geo-targeting and identifying malicious or fraudulent activities; internet information. The information that we request is sent to Google LLC or Google Ireland Limited, depending on the IP address that is used to access the application, for the purpose of displaying personalized ads and ad targeting. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you for business purposes. In order to ensure the functionality of our Service, we may also provide third parties with your above mentioned personal information.<br><br>Links to third party service providers used by the app:<br> - <a href="https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/"><u>Google Play Services</u></a><br> - <a href="https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en/"><u>AdMob</u></a><br> - <a href="https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/"><u>Google's Partner Policy</u></a><br> - Place of processing: United States – <a href="https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/"><u>Privacy Policy</u></a> – <a href="https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated"><u>Opt Out</u></a><br> - Place of processing: Ireland – <a href="https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/"><u>Privacy Policy</u></a><br><br><h3>Collection of general data and information</h3>The application Kanji Native collects a series of general data and information when you use the service. This general data and information are stored and transferred the server of third parties. Collected may be the aforesaid data and personal information.<br><br>This information is needed to (1) deliver the services of this application correctly, (2) optimize the its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack.<br><br><br><h3>Routine erasure and blocking of personal data</h3>The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.<br><br>If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.<br><br><br><h3>Rights of the data subject</h3><h4>a) Right of confirmation</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.<br><br><br><h4>b) Right of access</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:<br> - the purposes of the processing;<br> - the categories of personal data concerned;<br> - the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations;where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;<br> - the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;<br> - the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;<br> - where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;<br> - the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.<br> <br>Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.<br><br>If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.<br><br><br><h4>c) Right to rectification</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.<br><br>If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.<br><br><br><h4>d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:<br> - The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.<br> - The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.<br> - The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.<br> - The personal data have been unlawfully processed.<br> - The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.<br> - The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.<br> <br>If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by Kanji Native, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of Kanji Native shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.<br><br>Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employees of Kanji Native will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.<br><br><br><h4>e) Right of restriction of processing</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:<br> - The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.<br> - The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.<br> - The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.<br> - The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.<br> <br>If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by Kanji Native, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of Kanji Native will arrange the restriction of the processing.<br><br><br><h4>f) Right to data portability</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.<br><br>Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.<br><br>In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of Kanji Native.<br><br><br><h4>g) Right to object</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.<br><br>Kanji Native shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.<br><br>If Kanji Native processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to Kanji Native to the processing for direct marketing purposes, Kanji Native will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.<br><br>In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by Kanji Native for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.<br><br>In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of Kanji Native. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.<br><br><br><h4>h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.<br><br>If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, Kanji Native shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.<br><br>If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of Kanji Native.<br><br><br><h4>i) Right to withdraw data protection consent</h4>Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.<br><br>If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of Kanji Native.<br><br><br><h3>Legal basis for the processing</h3>Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).<br><br><br><h3>The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party</h3>Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.<br><br><br><h3>Period for which the personal data will be stored</h3>The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.<br><br><br><h3>Security</h3>We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.<br><br><br><h3>Links to Other Sites</h3>This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.<br><br><br><h3>Children’s Privacy</h3>These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.<br><br><h2>Additional information for users residing in California</h2>Categories of personal information directly or indirectly collected and processed and stored in terms of CCPA: identifiers; commercial information; internet information. According to the CCPA, this processing of information is defined as a sale. CCPA only applies to for-profit businesses that (1) have a gross annual revenue of over 25 million USD, (2) buy, receive, or sell the personal information of 50,000 or more California residents, households, or devices; or (3) derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.<br><br><h2>Additional information for users residing in Brazil</h2>This section is applicable if you are accessing the application from a location in Brazil, according to the “Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados” (LGPD). In the following, the term “personal information“ is used as defined in the LGPD.<br><br>Legal bases for processing your personal information are as follows:<br> - Your consent to process your personal information;<br> - Compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation of the controller;<br> - Execution of public policies provided in laws or regulations, or based on contracts, agreements, or similar instruments;<br> - Carrying out studies by research entities that ensure the anonymization of personal data if feasible;<br> - At your request, the execution of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract of which you are a party;<br> - Exercising rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;<br> - Protection of your life or physical safety of yourself or a third party;<br> - Protection of the health, in a procedure carried out by health professionals or by health entities;<br> - Fulfillment of a third party’s or our legitimate interests, except when your fundamental rights and liberties, which require personal data protection, prevail;<br> - Protection of credit (referring to a credit score).<br><br><br><h3>Categories and purpose of processed personal information</h3>For detailed information on personal information that is processed, please refer to the section “Use and collection of personal information” in this document.<br><br>As a resident in Brazil, you have the following rights:<br> - The right to confirmation of the existence of the processing;<br> - The right to access your personal data;<br> - The right to correct incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data;<br> - The right to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive data or data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;<br> - The right to the portability of data to another service or product provider, by means of an express request<br> - The right to delete personal data processed with the consent of the data subject;<br> - The right to information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared data;<br> - The right to information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial; and<br> - The right to revoke consent.<br> <br>Please note that not all of these rights listed above are absolute, and limitations as well as exceptions apply in some cases. To exercise the data portability and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to yuko.fukuda50@gmail.com.<br><br>We will endeavor to promptly reply to your requests. In order to do so, we will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In case you would like to make use of your rights, provide sufficient information that enables us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we processed information. Otherwise, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with any personal information.We will strive to reply to your request within 15 to 30 days via e-mail after receiving your message.In any case, should it be impossible for us to comply with your requests, we will communicate those reasons to you. In cases where another entity or third party is processing your personal information, we will provide you with contact details where you can send your request, if possible for us.<br><br>If you send us a correction, deletion, anonymization or similar request with regard to your personal data, we will endeavor to immediately communicate your request to other parties so as to enable them to process your request. This may however not be realized on our side in cases where such communication is not possible or involves disproportionate effort for us.<br><br><br><h3>Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted is by the law under in the following cases:</h3> - to countries or international organizations that provide an appropriate level of protection of personal data provided for by the LGPD;<br> - as long as we provide and demonstrate guarantees of compliance with the principles and rights of the data subject and data protection regime established in the LGPD, namely (1) specific contractual sections for a given transfer; (2) Standard Contractual Clauses ('SCCs'); (3) Binding Corporate Rules; (4) seals, certificates, and codes of conduct regularly issued;<br> - in cases where the transfer is needed for international legal cooperation between government intelligence, investigations, and police, in accordance with international law instruments;<br> - when the transfer is required for the protection of life or physical integrity of yourself or any third party;<br> - in case the ANPD authorizes such transfer;<br> - when the transfer results in a commitment undertaken under an international cooperation agreement;<br> - when the transfer is required for the enforcement of a public policy or legal attribution of the public utility, upon disclosure of the provisions of item I of the main provision of Article 23 of the LGPD;<br> - when we have received your consent for such transfer, with prior information on the international nature of the operation, clearly distinguishing it from any other purposes; orwhen required to meet the hypotheses established in items II, V, and VI of Article 7 of the LGPD.<br><br><br><h3>Changes to This Privacy Policy</h3>We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. This policy is effective as of 2021-09-18.<br><br><br><h3>Contact Us</h3>If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at: kanji.native@gmail.com<br><br><br><h3>Owner and Data Controller</h3>Yuko Fukuda<br>582-2 Shimonita, Tamamura-machi,<br>Sawagun, 370-1132, Gunma,<br>Japan<br>Contact email: kanji.native@gmail.com
